Add new sections to SECURITY.md and CONTRIBUTING.md (#1408)
certusone/wormhole: CONTRIBUTING.md

    }
  },
```

# Testing

We believe that testing that is also transparent is critically important to ensuring the integrity of Wormhole components. It is also critically important that everyone can independantly verify and extend Wormhole test cases, which allow us to further ensure that Wormhole components will operate as expected in both positive and especially negative test case scenarios

Places to find out more about existing test coverage and how to run those tests:

- **Guardian Node**
    - Tests: `./node/**/*_test.go`
    - Run: `cd node && make test`
- **Ethereum Smart Contracts**
    - Tests: `./ethereum/test/*.[js|sol]`
    - Run: `cd ethereum && make test`
- **Solana Smart Contracts**
    - Tests: `./solana/bridge/program/tests/*.rs`
    - Run: `cd solana && make test`

> - **Terra Smart Contracts**

Reviewer: Terra Classic*. also please provide the CosmWasm 1.0.0 (Terra 2) instructions. And algorand I think has tests as well?

Author: Fixed both.

    }
  },
```

# Testing

> We believe that testing that is also transparent is critically important to ensuring the integrity of Wormhole components. It is also critically important that everyone can independantly verify and extend Wormhole test cases, which allow us to further ensure that Wormhole components will operate as expected in both positive and especially negative test case scenarios

Reviewer 2: This seems to say the same thing a little bit nicer perhaps? Also `independently` is the correct spelling.

```suggestion
We believe automated tests ensure the integrity of all Wormhole components. Anyone can verify or extend them transparently and they fit nicely with our software development lifecycle. This ensures Wormhole components operate as expected in both expected and failure cases.
```

Places to find out more about existing test coverage and how to run those tests:

- **Guardian Node**
    - Tests: `./node/**/*_test.go`
    - Run: `cd node && make test`
- **Ethereum Smart Contracts**
    - Tests: `./ethereum/test/*.[js|sol]`
    - Run: `cd ethereum && make test`
- **Solana Smart Contracts**
    - Tests: `./solana/bridge/program/tests/*.rs`
    - Run: `cd solana && make test`
- **Terra Smart Contracts**
    - Tests: `./terra/test/*`
    - Run: `cd terra && make test`

> - **Terra2 Smart Contracts**

Reviewer 3: This is not just terra2, but the more general chain-agnostic cosmwasm contracts

Author: merging just to get this live and not squander their reviews, will send a minor edit for this shortly.

Author: https://github.com/certusone/wormhole/pull/1424
